Well I've got the boots pretty much done now.
Let's go ahead and work on the gloves in kind of a similar way.
I think I'm going to continue to use this same boot image to sample colors off of.
I mean we already have a palette here for the boots with the colors but in case I need to sample anything
directly again I've got this image here.
So let's take a look at these arm straps these gloves these gauntlets whatever you want to call them
with the normal map here in its slot.
We added this normal map quite a few videos ago.
We can see the normal map on the character here.
We can turn it off here if we want to just to see what the textures are going to look like without the
normal map.
And you can see here on the tunic that the paint and the texture is just there to really highlight and
emphasize what's in the normal map.
So then we turn this back on.
And so let's start working on the gloves here.
Let me bring that image back.
There we go.
And for this let's just begin once again with the darker colors.
I'm going to turn on the face masking first and just select the glove.
And we go and it looks like that selected everything.
So let's come in and well let's begin with this darker color I think that's it right there that we have.
Let's take a look at our settings.
We've got the brush loaded up with a texture here a procedural texture.
We've got the brush mapping on random and we've got our jitter up and our spacing up some so let's see
how this works.
I'll also increase the strength of it so we can see what we're doing at the beginning.
I'll hit the F key and increase the strengths and let's see what happens here.
So we can just lay down some kind of random darker tones on to the glove here.
I'm going to press alt f over this to center up my view around the glove and I'll tombola around that
as well.
All right so we've laid down kind of splotchy darker color here.
Now let's come in and do the same thing with this lighter reddish color here.
Maybe I'll decrease the size of the brush so maybe I'll press shift F and let's reduce the strength
just to hear something like that.
Let's see how this works.
That's a little too much.
Don't you think.
Let's undo that.
Bring the strength back some maybe increase the brush size and then we just try again.
So much of this is just trial and error.
At least for me maybe for someone else it would be easy and would happen to the right way.
The first time every time.
But for me I kind of have to go through some trial and error right.
I'm OK with this.
I think this is going to work out pretty well.
A lot of what's happening here along the straps we're going to be painting over.
So they're going to look more like the straps down here.
Now let's see where this is happening on the U.V. map.
I think it's happening over here.
Yeah.
So here's that glove U-V Island.
And if we spin around here to the other side
you can see it's happening over here too.
And that's because those two U-V islands are one on top of the other here in the map.
All right.
So we've got those two colors down.
Let's work on the lighter color here which I think is this right here.
We've also got this one too and maybe we'll mix and match.
Well let's try this one.
I think I'll go with this lighter color for the splotches and maybe this one for the straps.
Let's see how that works.
So for this I'm going to increase it quite a bit now and let me just try this and that maybe too much.
There we bring the strength down a little bit more and let's reduce the press size a hair and let's
try this.
And actually what I should do is maybe be a little more strategic on these.
So let's think about where this would be scuffed up.
So probably I would say it would be scuffed up down here along the palm of the hand right.
So maybe we should be a little bit more precise about where we're putting this.
So maybe along the fingers here we'd have scuff marks maybe down here where he puts his arm on a table
or something.
Do goblin's have tables.
I guess they do right.
I don't know.
Maybe up here where he pulls the glove on.
So maybe trying to be a little bit more thoughtful as to where these go.
All right.
I think that works pretty well.
The next thing I'd like to do is work on the straps now and to do that I'm going to go in and save this
scene.
I'll come over here and save this image with old ass and then I'm going to come over to the slots tab
and I'm going to go ahead and go to this straps texture paint slot.
This is the one that I painted the boot straps on.
So here they are.
And as an aside and what I'll try and do here is Notice what I did here I tried to give one side kind
of a highlight and the other side a shadow just to try and get them to pop out a bit.
So that's kind of what I'll try to do over here as well.
So for the color on the straps I think this is what I'm going to use for the straps.
I will come down and take a look at the jitter and the spacing and I think that's OK.
We'll try that then let's see how this works.
So I'm going to come in here to this top strap and maybe reduce the brush size a bit and let's just
test this out.
Yeah I think that's kind of what I'm looking for and I like the fact that we've still got a texture
on here.
We're laying it down randomly and we've still got jitter on it it gives it a little bit of texture to
it so it isn't just a flat solid color.
So let's go with this.
I like this.
I'm going to go ahead and lay this down on the other straps as well.
Yeah.
All right so let's move down to the next one here.
And the good thing about doing this on its own layer is if I accidentally come outside the lines here
I can just flip the pin over and
erase just a little bit there.
Without destroying the other texture underneath and I'll keep going down here on the top of the hand.
I've got two more down here on the top.
And also I'm going to need to go through and do the seams on the glove too.
I think if I recall I put some seams on the gloves so right in here I want to highlight these as well.
Here's that one and then I'll get this down here.
You know we go and sometimes you get these little glitches here and sometimes what you can do is come
straight into the U-V map here.
And if I've got it set up for paint sometimes you can come straight in here and paint right over that
like that just to kind of fix those tiny glitches that you can get when you're painting directly on
the model there.
Those are the straps.
Now let's take a look at the seams here.
I'm going to reduce the brush size and for this seems I'm just going to come through and just add a
little bit to this.
I think then what I'll do is come in and with a darker color or highlight the edges or the shadows in
between the seams here.
Let's see how it works.
Atlas come over here to the other side work on these
and there's also some seams around the thumb and fingers so I'll just try and catch these while we're
here.
OK.
So we have our seams and our straps down now.
At least that initial color.
Let's now go through and and some highlight and shadow on each of them just to help them pop a little
bit more for the light up here on the top.
Let's let's take this and just move it.
And that may be a little bit too much.
Maybe if we take this one now.
Let me go in and actually find a new color for this.
I kind of like this color right in here.
I want to press the ESC key and come in here and grab this it's very similar to the one I already have.
But I grab this one.
I kind of like this.
Let's use that all right.
So now I take the strength down even more.
And let's see if we can do with this.
I just want a little highlight along the top of these straps here.
Something like that yeah.
So it's pretty subtle but I think it'll help
gives some definition to the straps.
And once again I've got that little glitch there.
I'm going to come straight in here.
And reduce the breast size and try and catch this here so we go OK.
So now we've got those highlights.
Maybe we should go through and do that similar thing on the seams.
I'm not sure if we've got enough room to do it though.
Let's go through and do the shadows first and then I'll go back and I think maybe all we need on the
seams are shadows.
Let's see if we can maybe use this or is this a little bit darker or let's see if we can sample a new
one.
What's this in here that looks pretty dark.
That may be too much although it's not bad.
Let's try this.
That's interesting.
It's kind of a deep red.
Let's try that.
For this I'll just go along the bottom here and try and add some shadow here.
Yes
going to in the shadow down onto the glove itself to
try that.
Let's go with that.
All right now going to go in with this color and try and work on the creases of the seams.
This may be a little too I don't know if this will be too much or not but let's give it a try.
And just going to try and give it a little bit of extra shading here along the seams just so that when
we turn off the normal map you can still see that there's some highlight some light and shade going
on in here.
All right.
And I guess I will go ahead and try and put a highlight on this it may be a futile effort but I'll I'll
try it.
Let me go back to here.
And this may just be too small of a detail to try and put in here.
But let me try.
All right.
There may be more we can do here but I think that's pretty good for now.
Let me get rid of the face masking and just take a look at what we've done so far.
Yeah so we've got the straps and the seams and we've got them very similar to the way we've done the
boots.
I think that works pretty well.
It looks like we've got all the clothes and accessories done which means I've I've put off doing the
skin as long as I can.
The skin is going to be more difficult and will probably take it one piece at a time.
Trying to begin with the easiest and maybe least prominent parts of the skin maybe on the legs or something.
But I'll go out and try and find some reference images of green skin that may be difficult.
What comes to mind is Gomorrha from Guardians of the galaxy but I don't think I'll use that.
I'll actually try and find some sort of real life animal with the green skin that we can use to sample
our colors as we go.
Now before we do anything let's be sure and go over to the slots tab and click save all images and make
sure we've got everything saved and we don't have any asterisks is here.
I'm going to go here to the details.
Yep there we go.
So I just want to make sure that everything is saved before I close out anything.
And I'll also hit control the command s and save the scene there as well.